Create blogpost to announce admin analytics (#5604)
sourcegraph/about: content/blogposts/2022/admin-analytics.md

---
title: "Understand the value of Sourcegraph with admin analytics"
description: "Sourcegraph’s new admin analytics make it easier for admins to understand user engagement, measure efficiencies, and quantify the value of Sourcegraph."
authors:
  - name: Rob Rhyne
    url: https://twitter.com/robrhyne
publishDate: 2022-07-27T18:00+02:00
tags: [blog]
slug: admin-analytics
heroImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/admin-analytics/Admin_Analytics_Blog.png
socialImage: https://storage.googleapis.com/sourcegraph-assets/blog/admin-analytics/Admin_Analytics_Blog.png
published: true
---

> Sourcegraph was created to improve developer efficiency. By providing the ability to see how frequently an API is used across a company’s code, by making it incredibly fast to find and share examples of how an API is used, or understand the scope of a vulnerability and fix it, we’re reducing duplicated efforts, reducing time spent looking for knowledge, and generally making development more efficient. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sourcegraph was created to improve developer efficiency. By providing the ability to see how frequently an API is used across a company’s code, by making it incredibly fast to find and share examples of how a function is used, or understand the scope of a vulnerability and fix it, we’re reducing duplicated efforts, reducing time spent looking for knowledge, and generally making development more efficient. 
```

> Delivering that efficiency to end users requires talented and dedicated admins who also deserve great tools. In recognition, we’ve recently taken on the goal of building a world-class product admin experience and we’re excited to release improved admin analytics to help admins understand the value of Sourcegraph. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delivering that efficiency to end users requires talented and dedicated admins who also deserve great tools. In recognition, we’ve recently taken on the goal of building a world-class product admin experience and we’re excited to release improved admin analytics as the first step towards that goal. 
```
